A large part of my work from 1993 to 2005 was helping students of all ages in my church with their various life improvement courses. I then worked with Applied Scholastics WA to develop the Australian Teaching Modern Phonics Course, and since 2005 I have been working with my wife at out home-based tutoring service in Ferndale. We have branched out from our start as phonics specialists and we now offer tutoring in all aspect of English. As well as that, many students have come to us in recent years having trouble with Maths so I have written a series of courses to take a student from the beginnings of maths all the way up through algebra and geometry.

After training in Hubbard Study Technology, and other specialist courses in counselling and commumication, a large part of my work from 1993 to 2005 was helping students of all ages in my church with their various life improvement courses. There is no one who I can't help with the tools and experience that I gained in this period. I then worked with Applied Scholastics WA to develop the Australian Teaching Modern Phonics Course, and since 2005 I have been working with my wife at out home-based tutoring service in Ferndale. We have branched out from our start as phonics specialists and we now offer tutoring in all aspect of English, but still focusing on a thorough grounding in the basics as the key to success in more advanced topics. As well as that, many students have come to us in recent years having trouble with Maths so I have written a series of courses, based on these same principles, to take a student from the beginnings of maths all the way up through algebra and geometry.
